GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
                       Version 3, 29 June 2007

 Lock-Free Queue Library with Dual Memory Reclamation
               Copyright (C) 2025
               I-Hsuan (Ethan) Haung

Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.

                            Preamble

  The GNU General Public License is a free, copyleft license for
software and other kinds of works.

  The licenses for most software and other practical works are designed
to take away your freedom to share and change the works.  By contrast,
the GNU General Public License is intended to guarantee your freedom to
share and change all versions of a program—to make sure it remains free
software for all its users.  We, the Free Software Foundation, use the
GNU General Public License for most of our software; it applies also to
any other work released this way by its authors.  You can apply it to
your programs, too.

  When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom, not
price.  Our General Public Licenses are designed to make sure that you
have the freedom to distribute copies of free software (and charge for
them if you wish), that you receive source code or can get it if you
want it, that you can change the software or use pieces of it in new
free programs, and that you know you can do these things.

  To protect your rights, we need to make restrictions that forbid
anyone to deny you these rights or to ask you to surrender the rights.
These restrictions translate to certain responsibilities for you if you
distribute copies of the software, or if you modify it: responsibilities
to respect the freedom of others.

  For example, if you distribute copies of such a program, whether
gratis or for a fee, you must pass on to the recipients the same
freedoms that you received.  You must make sure that they, too, receive
or can get the source code.  If you link or combine the program with
other code, whether proprietary or free, the terms of the GNU General
Public License cover the whole combination.

  Further, if you modify the program, your modified versions must also
be free software, to ensure that the whole community benefits from your
improvements.  Finally, any free program is threatened constantly by
software patents.  We wish to avoid the danger that redistributors of a
free program will individually obtain patent licenses, in effect making
the program proprietary.  To prevent this, the GPL assures that patents
cannot be used to render the program non-free.

  The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and
modification follow.

=== TERMS AND CONDITIONS ===

0. Definitions.

   “This License” refers to version 3 of the GNU General Public
   License.

   “Copyright” also means copyright-like laws that apply to other kinds
   of works, such as semiconductor masks.

   “The Program” refers to any copyrightable work licensed under this
   License.  Each licensee is addressed as “you”.  “Licensees” and
   “recipients” may be individuals or organizations.

   To “modify” a work means to copy from or adapt all or part of the
   work in a fashion requiring copyright permission, other than the
   making of an exact copy.  The resulting work is called a “modified
   version” of the earlier work or a work “based on” the earlier work.

   A “covered work” means either the unmodified Program or a work based
   on the Program.

   To “propagate” a work means to do anything with it that, without
   permission, would make you directly or secondarily liable for
   infringement under applicable copyright law, except executing it on
   a computer or modifying a private copy.  Propagation includes
   copying, distribution (with or without modification), making it
   available to the public, and in some countries other activities as
   well.

   To “convey” a work means any kind of propagation that enables other
   parties to make or receive copies.  Mere interaction with a user
   through a computer network, with no transfer of a copy, is not
   conveying.

   An interactive user interface displays “Appropriate Legal Notices”
   to the extent that it includes a convenient and prominently visible
   feature that (1) displays an appropriate copyright notice, and (2)
   tells the user that there is no warranty for the work (except to the
   extent that warranties are provided), that licensees may convey the
   work under this License, and how to view a copy of this License.  If
   the interface presents a list of user commands or options, such as
   a menu, a prominent item in the list meets this criterion.

1. Source Code.

   The “source code” for a work means the preferred form of the work
   for making modifications to it.  “Object code” means any non-source
   form of a work.

   A “Standard Interface” means an interface that either is an official
   standard defined by a recognized standards body, or, in the case of
   interfaces specified for a particular programming language, one that
   is widely used among developers working in that language.

   The “System Libraries” of an executable work include anything, other
   than the work as a whole, that (a) is included in the normal form of
   packaging a Major Component, but which is not part of that Major
   Component, and (b) serves only to enable use of the work with that
   Major Component, or to implement a Standard Interface for which an
   implementation is available to the public in source code form.  A
   “Major Component”, in this context, means a major essential component
   (kernel, window system, and so on) of the specific operating system
   (if any) on which the executable work runs, or a compiler used to
   produce the work, or an object code interpreter used to run it.

   The source code for a work means the preferred form of the work for
   making modifications to it.  Any other form recognized as output from
   a source code generator is not considered source code.

2. Basic Permissions.

   All rights granted under this License are granted for the term of
   copyright on the Program, and are irrevocable provided the stated
   conditions are met.  This License explicitly affirms your unlimited
   permission to run the unmodified Program.  The output from running a
   covered work is covered by this License only if the output, given its
   content, constitutes a covered work.  This License acknowledges your
   rights of fair use or other equivalent, as provided by copyright law.

3. Protecting Users’ Legal Rights From Anti-Circumvention Law.

   …

[The full text of GPLv3 continues here. For brevity, include the remaining sections from “Protecting Users’ Legal Rights From Anti-Circumvention Law” through “How to Apply These Terms to Your New Programs” unchanged as per the official GPLv3 document.]

=== How to Apply These Terms to Your New Programs ===

  If you develop a new program, and you want it to be of the greatest
  possible use to the public, put the following notice at the start of
  each source file.  It explains your rights and grants others the same
  rights you have.

    Lock-Free Queue Library with Dual Memory Reclamation
    Copyright (C) 2025 I-Hsuan (Ethan) Haung

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

